Solving Issue #2578 and #2011 (#2941)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/room-systems/room-systems-v2-operations.md

Configure the Front of Room display to Extended mode. Doing so will ensure that the console UI is not duplicated on that display when you cycle power on the display.
  
> [!NOTE]

> > A consumer TV used as a front of room display does not need to support/enable the Consumer Electronics Control (CEC) feature of HDMI, since most commercial displays nowadays works great with this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A consumer TV used as a front of room display does not need to support/enable the Consumer Electronics Control (CEC) feature of HDMI, since most modern commercial displays are fully compatible with this feature.
```
